Harmonize `CatalogTable` (#28449)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/funny-papayas-tell.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-catalog': minor
---

> Harmonize `CatalogTable`
> 
> - Show pagination text for `OffsetPagination`
> - Do not show paging if there is only one page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Show the pagination text for the offset-paginated catalog table, and remove the pagination bar from the top of the `CatalogTable` when pagination is enabled.
```
